You get to crank it up a little bit and let's start talking about a package that costs a little bit
more but can produce even higher quality videos.
Now this is to assume you have a little bit of experience with cameras lighting and sounding equipment
and really it can be a day of screwing around with it or just reading some review or tutorials online.
But generally speaking you probably know a little bit more.
All right so let's imagine that you could spend 1000 to 2000.
OK.
So for a camera.
Personally what I would do is I would kid the age for that.
And this one and because of the five has come out.
You can get this used for $800 $700.
I think it's worth it.
If you want to save a little bit more money what I would do is I would go with the Canon T-3.
I like the Rebel.
It's basically the base level model for DSL are those.
You can get packages of those to come with lenses and accessories for $400.
The camera itself has only 350.
It has a smaller lens therefore the the video color is not as good as the megapixels actually going
be smaller but it can shoot pretty much 10 hp.
Sometimes you might have a drop down to 720 P but same time there's plenty of people out there who shoot
movies on T-3 eyes for the stands for your camera.
That's what I'd suggest.
Just drop them 50 bucks and getting like a dollar.
One I wouldn't necessarily go on to Amazon for buying nicer stands.
I'd probably go on to be in a photo dotcom.
They have way more selection of camera equipment and if you just look in their tripod section just look
for something like the 40 $60 range.
Those are way better than for your lights.
I think you can actually move in Ltd's at this point.
I think there's some pretty decent options for LCD panels.
We can get two of them that are pretty dang bright for about five hundred dollars.
I went through two different versions of this.
I had to see the photo.
Five hundred LCD light panels.
Those were actually I think there quite a bit cheaper.
They're about like $400.
And those worked really well.
The downsides were that they were actually pretty big and it's kind of a pain if I needed them for portability
Oh out right now actually they're $200.
That's really cheap.
But they're big and clunky and durability is obviously an issue.
However there are quite a bit more convenient than using big old soft boxes like we talked about in
the lower package and it has been a little bit more.
I used the studio pro They're called the double s 600 d ultra high power Ltds.
When you're looking at Ltd's really just going to look for how many Ltd's it has.
Right so if it's 600 what's a bigger panel than a 500 or 200.
Generally speaking if you want to light one scene you've probably got at least five hundred like 250
in each.
You're going to do more people are brighter than you're going to need more panels.
Those are great.
I mean very low energy consumption.
They're not a big deal.
They are easy to move around especially that other one just gets into like the 506 and arranged the
studio pros but they work pretty well.
I still have mine.
I shot all of my videos for become a product manager with those lights.
Actually worked pretty well at that point you might even start experimenting with things like running
lights if you actually were interested in doing that.
Ringlet it's can be as cheap as like 20 bucks 30 bucks but don't get those those are worthless.
I would probably spend at least $100 if you actually were interested in using a ring like.
And then when you get into Mikes I would suggest one of two things.
One I would use the shotgun that I covered in the last one.
It's the audio Technica Haiti 8 7 5 are.
That's a great one.
It's 170 box with the boom pole and a boom stand and they're only looking at like 220.
That's a great shot going off in my opinion.
I haven't explored anything else and shotguns because that just worked for me.
Alternatively you can use like a zoom shotgun recorder and those are really really popular and what
they do is they sit on top of the camera as opposed to hanging in front of someone.
That's great for flexibility if you're walking outside recording and you're not in a set location having
it mounted on top of your camera can be pretty helpful however because it's a shot gun it's going grab
anything that's right in front of it so you're not pointing directly at them.
You can pick up a lot of weird stuff in general.
Also if you're indoors it's much better to have a shock and that's close to your mouth as opposed to
one that's trying to grab everything towards where you are because inevitably you're farther away from
a camera than you are from your microphone.
Now the other option you can do is a lot of clear and this is what I use and I would suggest it's called
the audio Technica eighty eight nine nine.
Got a sub miniature omni directional omni directional condenser level whatever.
And so it's a wired lavalier that's about $270.
In my experience is increase the quality of the lava in the air for that one is shockingly good.
It's way more expensive than most Lob's and a lot of people will scoff because you spent more than $200
on a lot of Llyr.
But in experience you can get the same level of quality from this one as you can from a nice shotgun.
So that was actually pretty shocking and I that's the one I've been using for a long time passed out
what I would suggest doing is just getting as Zoom for recorder or that task cam recorder we talked
about before.
Zoom is easier just because it's it's more portable.
However it has some battery issues so you might have to buy a converter for it to be able plug into
the wall.
You do it a double-A batteries bought it dies so often that it's not really reasonable.
The Tascam one on the other hand has more battery but it's larger less portable on it a little bit more
expensive.
At this point also you might have a little bit of money left over so you can start playing around with
like acoustic panels to pad your space.
You can also they're playing around with things like cameras sliders.
Basically what they are things you put your camera on and they slide back and forth which give you kind
of a a nice kind of pan look.
But generally speaking I would prefer to spend more of your money on the lights and the camera on things
like that as opposed to going for more accessories this early on.
I guess that total costs because in a land somewhere between like a thousand and 2000.
So if you're in that range that's a really good package.
I mean in terms of audio you're on the level with me in terms of video if you go at the G-8 for your
on the same level.
If you go to T-3 canon that's also quite good.
This is pretty good if you want to go with like 1 person explainers or maybe even multiple person interviews.
Now if you really have a budget and you really want to go serious with this and want to spend over say
$3000.
Well personally I would stick with JH for us.
But what I would do instead is get two of them because it's really easy to up your production value
by having two cameras.
It's the cheapest trip in the book.
I mean it's an $800 trick but it can make it look like this is so much more professional when you switch
from different angles back and forth.
I found an educational content I think it's kind of distracting so I stopped doing it.
But if you're making an interview or a client testimonial do they will look really sharp.
Another option you can do for cameras that are if you really want to use Canon which I'm not a huge
fan of because Canon just has a lot of restrictions like a Panasonic camera doesn't have.
However Canon's have the best lenses so they go with Canon and what you can do is like a 5 d a can and
5 is actually really popular.
There are actually entire TV shows like your watch house that's actually shot on a Canon 5 d and that
camera.
Correct me if I'm wrong I think it's about $2000 so you could do that.
And I think you maybe like get them cheaper for like 4300 used.
I don't know.
We'll throw it up on the screen.
The prices obviously change as well.
So just keep tabs on it.
Then what I do is I would get a couple of those lava Lears that I mentioned I would get the shot gun
undimensioned you could probably spend a little bit more on a nicer one if you wanted to and then pass
that point for lights.
What I would probably suggest is getting into what are called Keino flow lights.
Those are kind of the industry standard for actual real productions I use Keino flow Terra's which are
kind of a day.
I don't know why I spent so much on lights but you can get two of those for something like $4000 if
you really want to get serious about it.
Alternatively you go with things like D-Va. lights or just to bank lights and you know you can spend
$2000 on a light kit.
Those are professional I mean they're great for you can dim them they create really really soft light
they're really easy to use and that's why they're just so popular.
Also at this point I might start throwing in some lenses I would alternate between some more narrow
shots and wider shots.
I would try to get at least like a Sigma fixed like a 30 millimeter.
That's a great one.
And if I wanted something a little bit more narrow I might go up like a 40 year if I wanted something
more.
Why am I going up to a 25 at this point.
You can really start turning around a lot of stops you can get things like Sliders dollies of are called
gybes.
So these machines that hold your camera and then you can do swooping motions with them.
You can.
I mean the point you are messing with drones and all that stuff.
But that's generally what I'd suggest.
Look into the cheaper line of Keino floodlights.
I'd probably go with multiple GCH 4s or five if you're interested.
For some reason.
Alternatively I could look at the Canon 5 DS and then for audio I'd probably stick with the same shotgun
and I get multiple over the years in the case that you have multiple people on scene.
Also that what you can really start getting some nicer sound panels ones actually look like they're
decorations and you can put them in your living room and people won't even notice that they're used
for soundproofing and they just look kind of decorative.
All right guys.
That's not information overload.
Pick which one you think you fit into if you're not sure.
Start at the lower end and work your way up.
That's in my experience kind of the best combinations I've found.
Now obviously infinite combinations get try every single one and obviously I'm biased towards certain
brands but the point is you just need to get to a certain outcome.
There's multiple roads that get there then who cares anyway.
So there you go lots of options depending on what you want.
Just make sure that you read the ratings and you make your own decisions.
But if you want a template now that I've pretty much given it to you.
All right guys that's it for now.
I'll see you in the next lecture.